# Change Log

## v2.0.0

- **New feature**
    1. Add serilport console.
    2. Separate third party device from bundle pack. now support modify third party device without rebuild the project.
    3. Optimize the block's disable logic in different programming modes.
    4. Now in realtime mode, you can select the realtime mode extension.
    5. If a block is not connected into the effective tree. it's setup and define and others code will not generate.
    6. Optimize the structure of the code generated by Arduino code generator to make it more consistent with Arduino native code format.
    7. The project file will save the current programming mode and automatically switch to the saved mode after loading.
    8. In programming mode, blocks can no longer be click executed and glow.
    9. After the realtime mode communication is successfully established, there will be no atert. Instead, it will indicate whether the communication is successful by dimming the communication icon on the right side of the connection icon. A alter will pop up and prompt to download the real-time mode firmware only after the communication attempt fails.
    10. After the firmware is downloaded and the real-time communication is established successfully, the alert of real-time mode failure warning will automatically disappear.

- **Fix bug**
    1. When loading a project file with multiple large extensions, the toolbar area will repeatedly display the contents of multiple extensions, and some other errors.
    2. The button to download firmware is not disabled when there is no connected device.
    3. Shorten the window of upload to fix the problem of incomplete display on some pc.
    4. Fixed a number of potential problems with realtime mode communication.
    5. The code window is not re rendered after resizing, resulting in a missing display.
    6. After switching programming mode, the sprite will disappear in some times.
    7. Arduino and microbit do not hide all the unsupported building blocks in programming mode.
    8. Microbit's buttonIsPressed block transcoding function should have written n for b when button is B.
    9. Microbit custom variable name exception.
    10. Arduino UNO mega2560 serial port 0 translation code is incorrect.
    11. Number parsing error of data_changevariableby block.
    12. Cancel the 1.05x interface zoom setting and directly enlarge the font to fix the problem of blurred font in the toolbar menu.

## v1.2.2beta

- **New feature**
    1. Add hide code stage button.
    2. Change the ui of upload button.
    3. Change the description of some boards.
    4. Add a 1.05 scale to fix the problem of fuzzy font.
    5. Change project file extension from .sb3 to .ob.

- **Fix bug**
    1. Microbit generator error.
    2. The pin menu of arduino set digital out does not have analog pin items.

## v1.2.1beta

- **Fix bug**

	1. Third party's block which from vm code generator error.

## v1.2.0beta

- **New feature**

	1. Now most alert will automaticly disapear after 5s.
	2. Completed the blocks of microbit.
	3. Add a servo extension as demo for microbit.
	4. After installing the new version of the software, the old cache will be cleared automatically.

- **New  device/kit**

	1. Arduino Mini
	2. QDP Robot(齐护机器人) kit

- **Fix bug**

	1. Error usb hardware id of cp2102.
	2. Error translation of microbit.
	3. Cannot scan to devices after loading a project.
	4. The loaded device extension still exists after switching the device selection.

## v1.1.0beta

- **New feature**

	1. Blocks could over flow the flyout boundary when mouse enter.
	2. Extension can be auto loaded when device selected.

- **New device/kit**

	1. microbit
	2. iron robot kit

